LIST OF ALL THE EVENTS THAT ARE TO BE USED IN THE EVENTS PAGE 


1. A Ray Of Hope

Sep, 15th 2021
Yoga Session conducted at our centre Yoga is a light, which once lit will never dim. The better your practice, the brighter your flame.


2. Yogakshema

April, 27th 2021
Rotaract Club of Joka (RID 3291) presents to you – *"YOGAKSHEMA"*✨ which means "for the welfare of the people" in Sanskrit. This project's aim is to provide medicines via UBER Connect or by personally going till the doorstep, if necessary, to those who are affected by the virus and can't step out of their houses.


3. Bouffage

July, 12th 2021
With immense gusto, Rotaract club of Joka is eager to work for *_BOUFFAGE_* by accompanying HOPE foundation on 12th July 2021 from 14:00 p.m. to KASBA GIRLS HOME, Dharmatala Road, Santopally, Kolkata - 700042 for distribution of 58 Food Kits.



4. Chitrangada

Sep, 9th 2021
Rotatact Club of Joka is organising an essentials distribution drive among one hundred sex workers in and around the Sonagachhi belt in North Kolkata, Asia's largest red light district.

5. Jeera- Home for the mentally disabled

Sep. 15th
This is a Home which was started in Musheerabad by a nun. It is home to mentally challenged citizens from various cities like Rajasthan, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh. They were rescued from the terrible street life that they were living.


6. Tree Plantation

March. 11th 2020
Save trees and do not let them become a thing of the past, or their leaves will only be seen in museums.” Tree plantation is very significant in the current age of climate change and global warming as they play a major role in purification of the air we breathe. It is essential to conserve the greenery around us. Keeping this in mind, the Rotaract Club of UEMK initiated Tree Plantation in the form of an event-- Project Prakriti. The event gathered a healthy participation by the students inside as well as outside the Club.

7. 16 DAYS OF ACTIVISM

Sep. 15th
16 Days of Activism' was an awareness generation program on domestic violence against women supported by Oxfam India. The program involved rallies, street plays and consultations with major stakeholders, other CBOs and community members.